Fix broken links in Napari Code of Conduct (#5005)
Napari/napari: docs/community/code_of_conduct.md

3. mediation (if feedback didn’t help, and only if both reporter and reportee agree to this)

4. enforcement via transparent decision (see [Resolutions](code_of_conduct_reporting.md#resolutions)) by the Code of Conduct Committee

The committee will respond to any report as soon as possible, and at most within 72 hours.

## Endnotes

We are thankful to the groups behind the following documents, from which we drew content and inspiration:

> * [The SciPy Code of Conduct](https://scipy.github.io/devdocs/dev/conduct/code_of_conduct.html)

Reviewer: Why this insteado of this: https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/dev/conduct/code_of_conduct.html ?

Author: As I mentioned above, I used the link that is used by the SciPy Community page, figuring that it's the authoritative source in this case.
Happy to change if the one you suggest is better.

Reviewer 2: I think this is an oversight from before the docs were moved to docs.scipy.org, as there is a redirect from `scipy.github.io/*` to docs.scipy.org, but not for `scipy.github.io/devdocs`.

I've send https://github.com/scipy/scipy.org/pull/497 to update upstream.

Author: Ok @Carreau so do we need to hold off for the scipy changes so this isn't immediately broken again? Or...

Reviewer 2: No, the links will still work, it's just scipy documentation itself that will point to the right location.

Author: ok, so this PR should use the link @czaki pasted? or? Sorry i'm kinda dense (and jet lagged).

Author: Used the one from @alisterburt per @jni

> * [The SciPy Code of Conduct](https://scipy.github.io/devdocs/dev/conduct/code_of_conduct.html)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [The SciPy Code of Conduct](https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/dev/conduct/code_of_conduct.html)
```

Author: @alisterburt your suggested link is broken—for me at least.

Reviewer 3: fixed, thanks! I prefer the public facing link in this case

Author: OK. The one I used is the one SciPy uses, but 🤷‍♂️

Reviewer: it looks like they move their API docs to github.io so maybe @psobolewskiPhD link is better.

Author: Again, it's not **my link**, it's from SciPy Community page:
https://scipy.org/community/
